=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Author::DBOOK - A plugin bundle for distributions
built by DBOOK

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 [@Author::DBOOK]
 pod_tests = 1
 installer = MakeMaker::Awesome
 MakeMaker::Awesome.test_file[] = t/*.t
 Git::GatherDir.exclude_filename[0] = bad_file
 Git::GatherDir.exclude_filename[1] = another_file

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is the plugin bundle that DBOOK uses. It is equivalent to:

 [GithubMeta]
 issues = 1
 user = Grinnz
 
 [ReadmeAnyFromPod / Readme_Github]
 type = pod
 filename = README.pod
 location = root
 phase = release
 
 [GenerateFile / Generate_Contrib]
 filename = CONTRIBUTING.md
 content = ...
 
 [MetaConfig]
 [MetaProvides::Package]
 [Prereqs::FromCPANfile]
 [Git::Contributors]
 [MetaNoIndex]
 directory = t
 directory = xt
 directory = inc
 directory = share
 directory = eg
 directory = examples
 
 [CheckChangesHasContent]
 [Git::Check]
 allow_dirty = dist.ini
 allow_dirty = Changes
 allow_dirty = README.pod
 [RewriteVersion]
 [NextRelease]
 format = %-9v %{yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss VVV}d%{ (TRIAL RELEASE)}T
 [CopyFilesFromRelease]
 filename = INSTALL
 filename = LICENSE
 filename = CONTRIBUTING.md
 filename = META.json
 filename = Makefile.PL
 [Git::Commit]
 add_files_in = /
 allow_dirty = dist.ini
 allow_dirty = Changes
 allow_dirty = README.pod
 allow_dirty = INSTALL
 allow_dirty = LICENSE
 allow_dirty = CONTRIBUTING.md
 allow_dirty = META.json
 allow_dirty = Makefile.PL
 [Git::Tag]
 [BumpVersionAfterRelease]
 munge_makefile_pl = 0
 munge_build_pl = 0
 [Git::Commit / Commit_Version_Bump]
 allow_dirty_match = ^(?:lib|script|bin)/
 commit_msg = Bump version
 [Git::Push]
 
 [Test::ReportPrereqs]
 [Git::GatherDir]
 exclude_filename = INSTALL
 exclude_filename = LICENSE
 exclude_filename = CONTRIBUTING.md
 exclude_filename = META.json
 exclude_filename = Makefile.PL
 exclude_filename = Build.PL
 [Regenerate::AfterReleasers]
 plugin = Readme_Github
 plugin = CopyFilesFromRelease
 [PruneCruft]
 [ManifestSkip]
 [MetaYAML]
 [MetaJSON]
 [License]
 [ReadmeAnyFromPod]
 [ExecDir]
 [ExecDir / ScriptDir]
 dir = script
 [ShareDir]
 [MakeMaker]
 [RunExtraTests]
 [InstallGuide]
 [Manifest]
 [TestRelease]
 [ConfirmRelease]
 [UploadToCPAN]

This bundle assumes that your git repo has the following: a L<cpanfile> with
the dist's prereqs, a C<Changes> populated for the current version (see
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::NextRelease>), and a C<.gitignore> including
C</Name-Of-Dist-*> but not C<Makefile.PL>/C<Build.PL> or C<META.json>.

To faciliate building the distribution for testing or installation without
L<Dist::Zilla>, and provide important information about the distribution in
the repository, several files can be copied to the repository from the build
by running L<dzil regenerate|Dist::Zilla::App::Command::regenerate>, and are
copied and committed automatically on release. These files are:
C<CONTRIBUTING.md>, C<INSTALL>, C<LICENSE>, C<Makefile.PL>/C<Build.PL>, and
C<META.json>. The file C<README.pod> will also be generated in the repository
(but not the build) by C<dzil regenerate> and C<dzil release>.

To test releasing, set the env var C<FAKE_RELEASE=1> to run everything except
the upload to CPAN.

 $ FAKE_RELEASE=1 dzil release

=head1 OPTIONS

This bundle composes the L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PluginBundle::Config::Slicer>
role, so options for any included plugin may be specified in that format. It
also composes L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PluginBundle::PluginRemover> so that plugins
may be removed. Additionally, the following options are provided.

=head2 github_user

 github_user = gitster

Set the user whose repository should be linked in metadata. Defaults to
C<Grinnz>, change this when the main repository is elsewhere. Set to an empty
string value to use the GitHub remote URL as found in the local repository, as
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GithubMeta> does by default.

=head2 installer

 installer = MakeMaker::Awesome
 MakeMaker::Awesome.WriteMakefile_arg[] = (clean => { FILES => 'autogen.dat' })
 MakeMaker::Awesome.delimiter = |
 MakeMaker::Awesome.footer[00] = |{
 MakeMaker::Awesome.footer[01] = |  ...
 MakeMaker::Awesome.footer[20] = |}

 installer = ModuleBuildTiny
 ModuleBuildTiny.version_method = installed

Set the installer plugin to use. Allowed installers are
L<MakeMaker|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MakeMaker>,
L<MakeMaker::Awesome|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MakeMaker::Awesome>,
L<ModuleBuildTiny|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildTiny>, and
L<ModuleBuildTiny::Fallback|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildTiny::Fallback>.
The default is C<MakeMaker>. Options for the selected installer can be
specified using config slicing.

=head2 irc

 irc = irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla

Set the x_IRC resource metadata using L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaResources>.

=head2 pod_tests

 pod_tests = 1

Set to a true value to add L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PodSyntaxTests> and
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PodCoverageTests>. Set to C<syntax> to only add the
syntax tests.

=head1 BUGS

Report any issues on the public bugtracker.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book, C<dbook@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2015, Dan Book.

This library is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the Artistic License version 2.0.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Dist::Zilla>, L<cpanfile>, L<Dist::Zilla::MintingProfile::Author::DBOOK>

=cut
